typical of the large millimeter telescope
one of the observation tools
most powerful astronomical in the world and
which is found in the volcano sierra
negro in puebla mexico will participate in
the most ambitious project in history
of astronomy
observe a black hole that has 500
times the size of our sun that is
located in the center of the Milky Way
in about a month we are going to do
an experiment with the ctm connected to a
telescope on the south pole a telescope
ninet fernet del sur sublime telescope
ticos in hawaii between cars
submillimeter in the US and others in
europe the project is part of the
initiative event horizon telescope that
will connect the antennas of the main
Millimeter telescopes of the planet
to measure the shadow and shape of the hole
black in the center of our galaxy
called sagittarius
the goal is to simulate a huge
observatory with a connected antenna
between hawaii usa-mexico
Antarctica and Europe this way
astronomers will look for images to
through data interpretation
statistics of chemical composition
of the black hole to know better your
shape and size
the experiment will perform tests of
physics and general relativity in one of
the most extreme laboratories of
universe
the large millimeter telescope is located
at 4600 meters above sea level in
the top of the Sierra Negra volcano in
populate the purity of heaven offers the
perfect conditions for
observation of the universe
in the depths of the galaxy
spiral called milky way a whirlwind
of hot matter swirls
around a black hole is more than
a million times more massive than the sun
many galaxies or maybe all contain
this monster inside them these
supermassive black holes are
they keep swallowing stars planets
asteroids comets and clouds of gas that
they wander near the crowded core
galactic
the spaceship I like the telescope
these nuclear topic of the nasa
recently in 2012 he caught the hole
central black of the Milky Way when
I was having a snack
the black hole snacks are a
violent process in which the food is
shattered by powerful tides and
heated to millions of degrees as
that goes down the throat of the
gravitational singularity
something that the dotcom informative agency
on-line